When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?
	
	When you are collaborating with other people you would want to have a remote
	repository so that there is some sort of file sharing between people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	You could be working on something that someone else might have committed in the
    	repository already, which might cause you to make changes to a particular file
    	unintentionally if it automatically pulled from the remote repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    	A fork is a Git Hub to Git Hub operation, a clone is a Git Hub to local
	repository operation and branches are present in Git Hub and the local 
	repository. You would use fork when you want to make a copy of a repository
	without having to clone it to a local repository. You would use clone if you
	would like to make a copy of a repository to a local repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?
	
	The benefit of having a local copy of the last known state of the remote
	stored locally is that you can work with the most up to date state rather than
	an older state, which can cause merge conflicts or being behind.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    	If I had to collaborate without using Git or GitHub I would use Dropbox since it 
	has its own version control. What would be easier: interacting with the files. 
	What would be harder: notify collaborators of changes.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    	When you want to introduce a change but do not want it to directly affect the master 
	until someone else approves, or requests a pull. The benefit of this approach is that
	it insures that what gets added to the master is what you and your collaborators 
	really want.
